[Music]
Well, I'm going to find out about this gossip
with you here, eh, because the truth is I
didn't know about this gossip.  I know there are a lot of
people talking today about what
Laura Fa said and also that Isap has
betrayed Tel5.  It surprises me, it
surprises me.  But anyway, now I'll tell you
a little bit about what I think about this
topic.  A kiss, Sister.  Thanks a lot.
You come to help with the challenge.  A kiss, a kiss.
Pi says, one of the mercenaries from the
TV factory, Laura Faa,
delights us with her bile, that she can't
say no to Óscar Cornejo.  Laurita,
pretty girl, wherever you stand you are only good
for carrying out the orders of those you
worship.  Hey, Pi, with all my love, Pi,
I'm not a fan of almost anything
Laura Fao says, man, you're no
good at carrying out the orders of someone you
worship, that's what a job is
practically about.  What's up, my
beautiful Dolores?  That's pretty much what
a job is all about, huh?  I mean, jobs
are based on that, on
having to follow orders.  You
are also an accomplice to the crimes of
disclosure of secrets, espionage, and other
matters that will soon be dealt with in
court.  No, Laurafan has nothing to
do with it.  I mean, I don't like this stuff
either.  That is, trying to
persecute the entire environment of a
person we are against,
no.  Maybe you've been called up for
that, for being complicit with your silence.
She is not one of the victims and
has nothing to do with it.  Okay, maybe they
called you up for that, for being
complicit in your silence.  Laurita, if you
meet Rosito, are you going to
explain to him why you said
what you wrote in X about her and her husband?  Man,
you see that.  From my life such, my
life is going to be in the TV family
, eh?
Ah, Laura Fab is also going to be in
the TV family.  There will be
positions for everyone there.  There will
be jobs for
everyone there, right?  There will
all be gaps there.  Many thanks to Antena 3
for all this time, to Susana Griso, that
is, she's leaving Antena 3, Anando Escribano, and
above all Alberto Díaz, the director, and
Javi, don't go to Bologna anymore, it
bothers Peppa because she goes there a lot.
Yes, Peppa goes to Bologna a lot, but
that's not that close to where she
lives, is it?  Look, it's not that it's far away,
but it's not that far away for Gabi either. I've
been super happy this time in the
mirror, but new projects are coming.  The
life of a puppeteer is like that.  a float comes up
and a program that I
want to get on and with colleagues that I have
had for a long time with Óscar
Cornejo, who is the one who called me, he is the one who
put me in Madrid many
years ago, the director of what was the
television factory, which is now the bear,
the bear and I have like that when he
calls me you have to go, I have to, it's that I
can't do anything else, eh?  Although no, I
mean, I don't have the capacity to know if it
will be good, bad, so-so,
I always think it will be good.  Mm.
anything I propose, but that is the
headline that I have seen that if it will be compatible, it will
not be compatible.  How easy it is for
some to combine TV and how difficult it is
for others, isn't it?  Total.  And how unfair it is
sometimes for some of us, who
earn much less than other people and
are forced to not be able to
combine, but well, we are
very used to it, unfortunately there are
other colleagues, I mean, but
here at Mamarachi it does continue,
right?  What I understand is that, let's see, I don't
know if I understood it correctly, eh, or if you
want to correct me, okay?  What I
understand is
that it cannot be combined with
Antena 3 because it is incompatible.  Javi, did
you know that the show's premiere is going to
cost half a million euros?  I think
so.  It's going to cost half a million euros,
Pepi.  The show's premiere will cost half a million euros
in taxes.
How is that going to be, man?  Well, it
seems like an outrage to me what each
program costs.  Hey, journalists who don't
have any problems
juggling being on different
channels.  Whatever, but why?
Why is it incompatible or what?  I don't
understand why the Antena
3 morning program doesn't allow it.  Hm.
Well, says Isa Pantoja, "She's leaving
Mediaset after a decade with the
group, signing for Spanish television, and
will be one of the stars of the
TV family."  If they've made you a
better offer, then that's the way it is.  To me, well,
this is understandable, that's all.  Mm, I don't know
how you see it.  Yes, it is true
that on the one hand, you don't have the idea that
where you have been for a long time, you have to
take care of your work.  And let's see, to make
this move I'm speaking to you from what I've
always been, a normal,
everyday worker, okay?  To leave a job you've had for
many years, like
this one, right? As a collaborator, where they've
given you an opportunity,
treated you well, it's not like your
life has been very complicated, okay?
Well, it must be that they've
made you a much,
much better offer, I mean, if
it's just a little more money and a
program that currently only has a
three-month plan and then we'll see, you
know?  Now at 1 it will be Telescirco.
Well, Marina, exactly like Tel it ca
n't be, I understand.  But hey,
I expect everything, I tell you too, okay?
I'm already expecting everything.  I tell you too.
No.
[Music]